NewRelic Integration (#13197)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/third-party-monitoring-integrations.md

For the detailed integration steps and a list of metrics that Prometheus tracks, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with Prometheus and Grafana](/tidb-cloud/monitor-prometheus-and-grafana-integration.md).

### New Relic integration

With the New Relic integration, you can configure TiDB Cloud to send metric data about your TiDB clusters to [New Relic](https://newrelic.com/) and view these metrics in your New Relic dashboards.

> For the detailed integration steps and a list of metrics that New Relic tracks, refer to [Integrate TiDB Cloud with New Relic](/tidb-cloud/monitor-new-relic-integration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the detailed integration steps and a list of metrics that New Relic tracks, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with New Relic](/tidb-cloud/monitor-new-relic-integration.md).
```
